In this lecture data access object layer  for
our ticketing service project to do that
let's refer to the usecase that we have
will be creating a ticketing dao
interface and it will be implemented by
the ticketing dao impl which will
have the create method that it overrides
from the interface it will take a ticket
beam as its parameter so let's do that
right click on the SRC main Java let's
create a new package name it com dot
bharath dot J unit dot spring dot dao finish
now right click on this package say new
interface always go to interfaces let's
call it ticketing or ticket dao the
package is the spring DAO package hit
finish will add one simple method here called
create ticket and this should take a
type of ticket this ticket doesn't even
exist yet so we will create one will act
as if it exists and let eclipse do some
work hit ctrl one here and choose create
class let's change the package from
spring DAO to spring beam spring dao
dot DPO or you can take the dao portion
out you can say spring DTO that's even
better hit finish so we have the ticket
let's add two properties here string
passenger name string is phone number
phone add getters and setters by hitting
control 1 create getter setter hit ok in
control one on the phone create getter
setters hit ok
control shift F to format it back to the
ticketing dao you save it error should
go away let's created the ticket Impl
now ticket dao impl right click on the
dao package a new class ticket DAO
impl and go to the interfaces
click on add search for ticket dao
select that interface okay click finish
we have the default method generated
here hit ctrl d on this to do line so
that it's delete so we are returning
zero let's return one we are going to
keep this implementation very simple
because we are going to mock this out it
doesn't matter we could have just tested
with the ticket dao as well without even
implementing the ticket do impl but we
have the minimum implementation here and
we are all set to implement the service
layer in the next lecture.